Update doc, add missing parameter (#4837)
rmosolgo/graphql-ruby: guides/testing/helpers.md

You can use {{ "Testing::Helpers#with_resolution_context" | api_doc }} to use the same type, runtime object, and GraphQL context for multiple field resolutions. For example:

```ruby

> with_resolution_context(YourSchema, type: "Post", object: example_post, context: { current_user: author }) do |rc|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Assuming `include GraphQL::Testing::Helpers.for(MySchema)`
# was used above ...
with_resolution_context(type: "Post", object: example_post, context: { current_user: author }) do |rc|
```
